hey guys thanks for joining me I'm just
doing another quick video I've just done
one on the bourgeois blush exclusive
which is why I might be looking a bit
flushed otherwise though my makeup is
kind of melting off because I'm just in
from work and I'm doing these videos
just because I put my blush on and I put
my bare minerals stroke of light on this
morning for the third time I think that
I've used both of them and I was really
impressed with both of them so I just
thought I'm gonna do a video and let
people know in case they are interested
in buying this bareMinerals stroke of
light so I'm going to tell you firstly
that it is brilliant I'm really really
impressed with it it is the only
under-eye concealer so far that I have
found that doesn't think into lines I'm
doing a video as I promised you guys on
concealers in general not just under-eye
concealers although it will be focused
mainly on under-eye concealers and in
that I will be comparing all of the ones
I've got so the powder ones the Laura
Mercier secret secret brightener the
bare minerals well rested the collection
mm last imperfection the Maybelline fit
me I've got a lot to compare but I'm not
quite finished with my research I was
hoping to do it this weekend but I'm
like I said I'm not yet finished with
the research so I'm at the moment doing
one eye with one and the other eye with
another and this morning I did the right
eye with this the bare minerals stroke
of light and the left eye with the
collection mm last imperfection this and
I'm not going to talk too much about the
collection mm because I will do that in
my video comparing all of the concealers
but this one has really really impressed
me because it's lasted all day and it
hasn't caked at all it hasn't sunk into
my lines it feels really nice going on I
mean I suppose the only downside is the
price this is if you look at the bare
minerals site is 22 pounds if you buy it
from Debenhams or john-louis just going
straight up to the counter is 22 pound
but beautybay do this for 17 pounds 99
with free postage so what I did was I
went into John Lewis and asked them if
they would price match to an online
website and they did so I was really
chuffed with that so I got this for 18
pound instead of 22 which was really
good and the color I chose was luminous
one they come in I think it comes in
four colors and all of the other color
were either too dark or too yellowy and
I've gone for a pink one which is
unusual because all of the other ones I
think are pretty much yellow based and I
like yellow based I like yellow based
foundation I like yellow-based concealer
and powders and etc so it's unusual for
me to go for the pink one but this
seemed to me to be the most brightening
one what I'm looking for is brightening
because I don't actually have dark
circles under my eyes but I like the
appearance of this all highlighting
effect and that's what got me interested
in finding an under-eye concealer and
this has only been you know I don't know
three or four months ago but everyone
that I used I found I do have fine lines
and they would sink into the lines are
actually not sink into the lines they go
outside of the lines and the lines
didn't have any product in so it was
really literally like something drew
more lines I mean it really kind of
brought attention to my lines
I've tried powder products and some
things are kind of too shiny and this
one is just perfect and I'm really
impressed with it I'll give you a little
swatch of it that's what it looks like
so whether you can even see that can you
see that it looks very skin colored it
actually looks a lot brighter on the
skin than it does on my hands and it
looked a lot brighter in the shop as
well what you won't be able to see on
camera is that it's got a little bit of
luminosity to it which is funny because
it's called luminous one I think they've
all got say luminous and it's good
because it's not there's no Sheen or
shimmer or anything like that it's just
luminous
so there's obviously something in it
that just does really brighten the area
now I don't think on camera you'll be
able to see the difference between the
two eyes but I did definitely notice
that I felt like this one was a lot
brighter it's lasted all day like I said
I put this on at 6 o'clock this morning
and it is now 20 to 6 and it hasn't
moved barely at all it hasn't caked it
hasn't made my lines noticeable and
neither as it disappeared so I'm really
really impressed with this and I do
think it's worth the money I can't say
that this will be a repurchase because
as I said I'm still in the middle of my
research for all the other concealer
and until I get through them all and
maybe try ones that I feel like haven't
worked I'll maybe try them with a
lighter hand and you know see how I got
on that way and kind of mixing and
matching products but for now I'm really
enjoying this and I'm really impressed
with it the other thing I would say
about it is it's kit gives pretty good
coverage like I said I don't have dark
circles no so I'm not a hundred percent
sure that it would cover dark circles
but when I put it on it covers the
little freckles that I have under my
eyes it more or less covers them
completely and so it's very opaque when
it goes on with only a light layer which
is why I really as soon as I put it on I
thought oh this is gonna you know I'm
gonna look in the mirror in an hour and
it's going to be all cakey and it wasn't
at all so it's really impressive at
dinner why what ingredient they've put
in this that means it doesn't do that
and the others do but I've noticed
there's a few other reviews agree with
that as well so very interesting so I
hope that was useful to you guys
and hopefully if you're thinking of
buying it you'll remember and try and
get your full pound off and if you do
have bought it and you love it let me
know if you bought it you don't like it
let me know it's really interesting to
me to see kind of everybody's views on a
product especially when it's a high-end
one and so thank you very much for
watching I will see you again soon I
think the cause I have a fairly free
weekend and I'm just getting over my
tiredness from being in London on
business for the for a few days this
week I was just exhausted it's so hot in
London and we had long days and think at
home till really late and anyway yah
together
it was it's all refined now and I can
said I've got all weekend to get over it
so you should probably see me in more
videos so thank you very much for
watching as always if you've got any
questions to come in the comments below
and I'll see you very soon